going on YouTube we are venter slice
back with another episode a couple of
kicks as you can see right here here's a
couple of my latest pickups nike air max
90 infrared patch pack by nike lab mint
chocolate chips suck Sokka knees and
nike air max 90 25th anniversary
crocodile I'm going to do a separate
video on each one of these but I'm going
to jump right into these ones awesome
awesome shoes shout out to my buddy so
hyped and I met via ebay people are
always weird about ebay just do straight
I'm gonna have it in the
description of this video I wanna have a
link right to his store some carries
over like four thousand pairs of
different shoes he has for sale always
grab three or four different pairs from
him all every one of them is there one
hundred percent legit I trust this dude
yeah mimis for 35 / box I'm not going to
get playing with that so shout out to
that guy so 25th anniversary of the nike
air max 90 we get the crocodile the cork
they're doing another air max 90 afraid
with all oh gee materials and they also
get a velvet one it's Thanksgiving one
did a couple different ones had to grab
these they linked the picture i want to
say was around yeah because uh the date
they made these is in november i think i
saw him in like december maybe maybe
january um super super dope shoot i'm
gonna give you up close look at these
right now as you can see the shoe is
entirely black except for the infrared
hits right here and on the back of the
tongue they also have a little bit of
white to create the separation of right
here along the second piece of the sole
got crocodile skin right here real soft
along the mid sole of the shoe got
really soft leather right here on the
toe box and you can feel the quality
issue when it's on let me tell you very
soft
right here around the leaflets is
another piece of crocodile skin really
really cool super super dope shoes we
got the terry cloth right here on the
inside and on the back of the tongue
says the Yak the nike air on the inside
there normal bottom of the air max 90
you got the black with the infrared hits
right here with the white air the air
max bubble everything's true to the air
max 90 form except for some of the
materials that's where they killed the
shoes with the materials you can feel it
on your foot house off they are they get
something really cool to patent leather
you can't really tell with the lighting
in here but it is has a kind of like a
sparkling effect to it which I don't
mind really cool shoe man they got the
new buff arm right here or long the nike
check awesome awesome shoes if you can
grab these definitely grab these will be
in constant rotation for me it's very
very pretty basic shooting and where
that's pretty much everything if you
haven't done so already check me out on
instagram at DJ eric vanderslice you see
right here also like this like share
subscribe getting a lot of great
feedback a lot of new subscribers shout
you guys thank you for subscribing tell
your friends tell your tell your parents
tell your cousins tell everyone check
out eric manner sliced youtube page for
it dopest nagar boutiques stay tuned for
my next two videos i'll be doing the
saucony mint chocolate chips and nike
lab air max 90 infrareds stay tuned guys
for the on foot and my instagram pic
peace